# Finding Kaprekar numbers

Finding [Kaprekar Numbers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kaprekar_number) -- a Ruby kata!

> In mathematics, a Kaprekar number for a given base is a non-negative
  integer, the representation of whose square in that base can be
  split into two parts that add up to the original number again. For
  instance, 45 is a Kaprekar number, because 45 squared is 2025 and 20+25 = 45.
  The Kaprekar numbers are named after D. R. Kaprekar.

## Solution strategy

Given a number:

1. Generate all possible 2-part splits of the digits comprising the number
2. Map & reduce (sum up) each of the above
3. Is the square of our number in the array?

> _"... in functional programming in general, we talk a lot about how we should make as much
  of our code just be transformations on values._

-- [20:30] Reid Draper on [Cognicast #45](http://thinkrelevance.com/blog/2013/11/11/reid-draper-cognicast-episode-045)


## License (MIT)

Copyright (c) [2014] [James Abbott]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
